
1.  Figure out how to properly do integer division for gaussian blur
    in bench-matrix.cl.

2.  DONE -- make metaclass for matrices to better handle type stuff
    now we have a standard-matrix-class metaclass that handles much of
    the type information.

3.  DONE -- Remove specialized-matrix-class stuff and replace abstract
    matrix types (like real-matrix, integer-matrix, float-matrix) with
    subclasses of standard-matrix-class. Except that I didn't replace
    the abstract matrix classes, but rather made them work. I think.

4.  DONE -- (element-type matrix) is wrong! we should go through the
    metaclass on this and not have this be part of the class at all!
    element-type is now only part of the metaclass. I think.

5.  Try inlining the functions to avoid all of the type declarations!
    This doesn't work. I think I need the type declarations to make
    this go fast.

6.  DONE -- Make a type moved-element function that moves an element
    from one matrix to another with things properly typed, coerced,
    etc...  This is at least partially done and works well enough,
    although the list of supported matrices is minimal. However, it is
    trivial to add more type conversions.

7.  DONE -- This is a dup of 6. Need a better mechanism for creating,
    populating, copying and converting to and from matrices of a given
    type. How to create matrices of the following types: double-float,
    single-float, unsigned-byte, signed-byte, unsigned-word,
    signed-word, bit (or whatever the appropriate one bit type is)

8.  Need to set/get values from a given matrix type
    appropriately. This is done now with mref which works in some
    cases, but not in all cases. Should mref be a funciton that gets
    compiled for each subclass and stored as a class allocated slot or
    in the metaclass?

9.  IN PROGRESS. scalar-ops should work between matrices of different
    types. Slowly adding these. add and subtract now work for most
    types.

10. IN PROGRES. Need to be able to convert from one matrix type to
    another. I have a bunch of these.

11. DONE, I THINK. random-matrix should work. This should be working
    now.

12. DONE. need functions to create a matrix of the same type, and of
    the same type and dimensions. Yes, this could be more elegant,
    but I think it works at the moment.

13. DONE. shared-initialize Ok, so being new to CL, I didn't know
    about shared-initialize (and initialize-instance and
    re-initialize-instance) so I didn't know how to get slots
    initialized via make-instance. Now I now all this so I need to
    remove the hacked up constructor functions I made and replace
    everything with calls to make-instance.

14. DONE. rename unsinged-{byte,word,long} to ub{8,16,32}, etc...

15. mat-copy-proto needs to die a horrible death. replace these
    instances with more type-aware, or at least optionally more
    type-aware matrix creation functions.

16. Figure out what to do about col-vector, row-vector, and scalar in
    the face of the typed matrices. This could get a bit messy. Need
    to thin about how to handle this.

17. Mostly DONE. Add generics as appropriate.

18. Add conditions for dealing with type-errors on things like mat-subtr.

19. Figure out how to specify different destination types for things
    like mat-add an mat-subtr.

20. SORT OF DONE - Add frobs for complex, real, and integer
    matrices. Which frobs did you have in mind? A lot are there, more
    needed.

21. DONE add multiply funcs for real and complex matrices!
    esp. hadamard product for a bit-mask!!

22. Break out array math functions for operating on two-d arrays. This
    will make functions like affine-transform available for use on
    common-lisp arrays, not just clem matrices.

23. mat-add (and friends) need to take multiple args and have a fast
    two-arg version that gets called as appropriate.

24. min-val -> mmin and max-val -> mmax

